eight ways to increase your traffic to
your website fast and for free
whether you're just starting a website
or you've been out there for a while and
you just want more traffic this video is
gonna break down how you can add some
extra digits to your visitor account as
long as you keep doing these tactics
consistently you'll see results they
tend to work fast and bring in traffic
the right way in the first few weeks of
doing them consistently but here's the
key if you don't do them consistently
you're not going to get the best results
so that's why i keep emphasizing
consistently do them
my main source of traffic by far is
google but that doesn't mean i don't
leverage other traffic sources heck my
website has over
139 traffic sources not one not two not
10 139
apart from organic social email search
paid and affiliates that brings me to
more than a thousand visitors a month
that's a lot of different traffic
sources and i make sure to work hard on
those traffic sources because a lot of
them bring qualified traffic yes they
may not bring in the most amount of
traffic but that quality of traffic
converts higher than many other sources
i'm consistently also looking for new
sources and tactics to leverage today
and i always experiment and my team
consistently does that not just even
today not just even in the past but even
going forward so i'm gonna break down
some of these sources for you and
strategies first one i have for you is
quora with quora there's so many people
looking for questions
and answers to those questions so i want
you to start answering don't spam don't
create anything that's sketchy literally
just provide tons of good value and when
you have an article on your website
related to the question you just
answered link to it no affiliate links
nothing like that you'll find that you
can get literally thousands of visitors
from quora
next i want you to start using canva to
create infographics when you create
infographics and publish them on your
website what you'll find is people love
linking to infographics and you don't
have to come up with the data go use
ubersuggest to go and find the most
popular pages on your competitors
website take the ones that are data
oriented turn them into infographics
using canva cite your sources give them
credit use their logo as well not in a
bad way but use it to give them credit
and say hey you can find out more from
this url on this competitor and what
you'll find is all the people that
linked out to that competitor which
you'll see in the uber says backlinks
report hit them up ask them to link your
infographic because that'll drive you
more traffic that's referral and seo
rankings over time as well the third
source i have for you is participate in
facebook groups there's facebook groups
in every industry no one talks about
facebook groups anymore but you know
what they work go in there add a ton of
value keep adding more value and then
you won't know what you need to do next
add even more value and after you add
tons of value then i want you to
eventually link out to your site where
it makes sense and that will drive
traffic
the fourth tactic i have for you is
instagram stories with your stories talk
about products blog posts podcasts that
you have anything that you're selling
any promotions and have them swipe up to
go to your website that drives direct
traffic and you can do that multiple
times a week
the next source i have for you is using
re-street so when you use restream you
can go live on all these sites youtube
linkedin instagram facebook and the list
goes on and on and when you do that
when you're doing live sessions you can
also tell people about products services
promotions you have to offer they'll go
to your website it drives traffic as
well the sixth strategy i have for you
is carousels on linkedin with linkedin
if you upload a pdf that's many pages it
turns it into a carousel people can
swipe kind of like an infographic and
get all that data at once creates tons
engagement and comments and more
followers when you keep posting these
carousels you get way more followers on
linkedin then when you promote a article
from your blog or your site or even a
product to your linkedin audience you'll
have a bigger follower base it'll drive
more traffic
number seven another social network that
i love twitter not because it drives a
lot of traffic because it really doesn't
but the people on twitter are high
caliber especially in the b2b segment so
if you participate on twitter leave
comments interact with others uh leave
comments on the stuff that's going viral
you'll get way more followers and then
when you post links to your website it
will then all add up
the last strategy i have for you and
this is one of my favorite ones
release a free tool on your website it's
a gift that keeps on giving you can go
to tools like code canyon or more so
sites like code canyon get some free
tools or tools that are like 10 15 20
release them for free on your website
you're allowed to because they allow you
to white label them depending on the
tool and then boom over time you'll just
get more traffic that's how you keep
growing your traffic